Improve README with pagination information (#120)
meilisearch/instant-meilisearch: README.md

);
```

- `placeholderSearch` (`true` by default). Displays documents even when the query is empty.

> - `paginationTotalHits` (`200` by default): The total (and finite) number of hits you can browse during pagination when using the [pagination widget](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/pagination/js/). If the pagination widget is not set, `paginationTotalHits` is ignored.<br>

Reviewer: I let you chose the one you prefer:

```suggestion
- `paginationTotalHits` (`200` by default): The total (and finite) number of hits you can browse during pagination when using the [pagination widget](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/pagination/js/). If the pagination widget is not used, `paginationTotalHits` is ignored.<br>
```

```suggestion
- `paginationTotalHits` (`200` by default): The total (and finite) number of hits you can browse during pagination when using the [pagination widget](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/pagination/js/). If the pagination widget is not added in the options, `paginationTotalHits` is ignored.<br>
```

```suggestion
- `paginationTotalHits` (`200` by default): The total (and finite) number of hits you can browse during pagination when using the [pagination widget](https://www.algolia.com/doc/api-reference/widgets/pagination/js/). If the pagination widget is not added in the configuration, `paginationTotalHits` is ignored.<br>
```

> It means, by default, you can browse `paginationTotalHits / hitsPerPage = 200 / 20 = 10` pages during pagination.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which means that, with a `paginationTotalHits` default value of 200, and `hitsPerPage` default value of 20, you can browse `paginationTotalHits / hitsPerPage` => `200 / 20 ` => `10` pages during pagination. Each of the 10 pages containing 20 results.<br>
```

Author: ```suggestion
Which means that, with a `paginationTotalHits` default value of 200, and `hitsPerPage` default value of 20, you can browse `paginationTotalHits / hitsPerPage` => `200 / 20 = 10` pages during pagination. Each of the 10 pages containing 20 results.<br>
```
